
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# 2024 SCGIS Conference Presentation: Shiny Happy People Sharing Geospatial Data

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

Hey there, map enthusiasts and data lovers! 👋🌍📊 Welcome to our GitHub
repo for “Shiny Happy People Sharing Geospatial Data” - this
presentation was part of the 2024 SCGIS Conference.

In this presentation, we (@sayersr and @mhegeman) tackle those pesky
problems we’ve all faced when trying to share cool map data with our
colleagues. You know, the headaches of pricey servers, software that
costs an arm and a leg, and installation processes that make you want to
pull your hair out! 😅

But don’t worry, we’ve got solutions! We introduce you to the awesome
world of Shinylive - a nifty web app framework that works with both R
and Python. Using some WebAssembly wizardry, we show you how to create
super lightweight, serverless apps that’ll make your geospatial data
sing! 🎵

We walk you through building an interactive map that can juggle multiple
data sources, all while keeping things private and consistent. It’s like
having your cake and eating it too! 🍰

We wrap up with a look at the cool benefits of this approach, some
challenges to keep in mind, and exciting ideas for future enhancements.
Whether you’re a seasoned pro or just dipping your toes into the
geospatial waters, there’s something here for everyone! So dive in,
explore our slides, and let’s make sharing geospatial data a breeze! If
you have any questions or just want to geek out about maps, give us a
shout. Happy mapping! 🗺️✨

Links for research: Youtube [Lonboard: Fast, Interactive Geospatial
Visualization in Jupyter & JavaScript - Kyle Barron -
nyhackr](https://www.youtube.com/live/p3zh85rq6A8?si=dRc5u9REmXB83UYN)

[Running R-Shiny without a Server -
posit::conf(2023)](https://youtu.be/j1M6YyU2ZX8?si=3qX_sW5Kn6DStAZA)

[How to run Shiny Apps in your browser with WebR
(webr.bundle)](https://youtu.be/ZvodHcGsgrU?si=5NPiQt5jUHoUem_d)

[PyScript Demo / Tutorial \| End-to-end PyScript Tutorial
\#1](https://youtu.be/Qo8dXyKXyME?si=Vu5VZEivUKxtEPDA)
